React StopWatch application 

# Description

The stop watch application is a simple example of using Model-view-intent architecture in React App

MVI architecture is one successful architecture for client side web applications. It's the architecture of well-designed React applications and also appears with other libraries, such as Elm and Cycle. An application built with the model-view-intent architecture is described by three components. The model, the view, and intents.  

### The model 
Is a single object that completely describes the state of the user interface. 

### The view 
Is a function that transforms the model into the user interface. The model is the input to the view function and the user interface is the output of the view function. At any moment, the user interface can be generated based on nothing but the model. 

### The Intents
Intents are things the user wants to do. The user interface generated by the view function can produce intents. When an intent is produced it is applied to the model creating an updated model. The updated model is then passed through the view function to produce the updated user interface.



# Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

## `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

## `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.